Review PSK PR. (#421)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

security level of the ciphersuite used in the group. -->

Each PSK in MLS has a type that designates how it was provisioned.

> External PSKs are provided by the application, while resumption PSKs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External PSKs are provided by the application, while recovery and re-init PSKs
```

are derived from the MLS key schedule and used in cases where it is
necessary to authenticate a member's participation in a prior group state.
In particular, in addition to external PSK types, a PSK derived from within MLS
may be used in the following cases:

>   - Re-Initialization: If during the lifetime of a group, the group members

Author: I don't see a provision for that in the External Proposals section. I think there's more to think through in that case, which we can do in another PR

>   - Re-Initialization: If during the lifetime of a group, the group members

Reviewer 2: In my mind, that was one of the main features of having a ReInit proposal. But you are right, we should have mentioned it in the External Proposals section. I'll make a PR.

It is RECOMMENDED for the application generating exported values
to refresh those values after a Commit is processed.

> ## Recovery Keys

Reviewer 2: Why remove this section? If I understand correctly, it fits well into the subsections explaining the use of the various keys derived from the key schedule.

Author: You did not define how to do recovery. Define how to do recovery in another PR and you can add it back

Reviewer 2: This Section is not about keys for recovery specifically, but about the `recovery_secret`, which is the basis for internal PSK derivation. I agree that the name is not ideal, though.

The main MLS key schedule provides a per-epoch `authentication_secret`.
If one of the parties is being actively impersonated by an attacker, their
`authentication_secret` will differ from that of the other group members.
Thus, members of a group MAY use their `authentication_secrets` within
an out-of-band authentication protocol to ensure that they

> share the same view of the group.

Reviewer 3: I think detecting attacks is a valid goal of the authentication keys, we shouldn't remove it.

Author: It's redundant. The second clause of the sentence just says "detect attacks" again in a different way.

However, GroupId is currently 'hidden' in the GroupInfo, which is only available
to the receiver _after_ the PSK would have to be injected. -->

> ### Re-Initialization {#re-initialization}

Reviewer 2: Why remove this, but not the subsection below on Sub-group branching? I think both section serve the purpose of giving an overview over the respective process and should be left in.

Author: This is all (correctly) discussed in the section on ReInit proposals. Sub-group branching isn't discussed anywhere else

    add(1),
    update(2),
    remove(3),

>     psk(4)

Reviewer 2: @bifurcation wanted to have this spelled out. I'm happy with the abbreviation.

Reviewer: I can live with this.

Reviewer: Or `pre_shared_key(4)`

### PreSharedKey

A PreSharedKey proposal can be used to request that a pre-shared key be
injected into the key schedule in the process of advancing the epoch.

~~~~~
struct {
    PreSharedKeyID psk;
} PreSharedKey;
~~~~~

> The `psktype` of the pre-shared key MUST be `external` and the `psk_nonce` MUST

Reviewer: "MUST be `external`" is too strong here; this proposal is also how "recovery" PSKs are injected, right?  I think all you want to say is "MUST NOT be `reinit`"

Author: There are no recovery PSKs, `external` is currently the only valid PSK type to put here

Reviewer 2: You are right, that the of the currently specified PSK types, only `external` can be used in a psk proposal. However, implementors could define proprietary PSK types (e.g. for recovery) that they would want to use with a psk proposal as well. Not sure how we should write the spec so that option remains open.

} ReInit;
~~~~~

A member of the group applies a ReInit proposal by waiting for the committer to
send the Welcome message and by checking that the `group_id` and the parameters
of the new group corresponds to the ones specified in the proposal. The Welcome
message MUST specify exactly one pre-shared key with `psktype = reinit`, and with
`psk_group_id` and `psk_epoch` equal to the `group_id` and `epoch` of the
existing group after the Commit containing the `reinit` Proposal was processed.
The Welcome message may specify the inclusion of other pre-shared keys with a
`psktype` different from `reinit`.

If a ReInit proposal is included in a Commit, it MUST be the only proposal

> referenced by the Commit. The `version` field in the ReInit proposal MUST be no

Reviewer 3: This sounds like existing proposals should be dropped, which should not be the case. I think it better to mandate an extra Commit that is issued when there are no more pending proposals.

Author: Yes, the ReInit must be dropped or the rest of the proposals must be dropped. Applications can do what you say automatically: Commit outstanding proposals -> send new ReInit -> Commit ReInit. There's no reason to mandate it

Reviewer 2: Why does it have to be the only proposal in the commit? I mean, updates are going to be useless, but Adds and Removes can still be processed.

Reviewer: Discussed at virtual interim 2020-10-20:
* ReInit MUST be only proposal
* If non-ReInit and ReInit received in same epoch, SHOULD prefer non-ReInit
* Options for recovering from contention: committer re-originates or original proposer retries

for the same client, the committer again chooses one to include and considers
the rest invalid.

> If there are multiple ReInit proposals, the committer MUST choose exactly one to

Reviewer 2: Why remove this? I think we should at least specify that only one re-init proposal can be included in a commit.

Author: This discussion was moved to the ReInit proposal section

> If a ReInit proposal is included in a Commit, it MUST be the only proposal
referenced by the Commit.
